docs: add configuration file crud instructions (#658)
devopness/devopness: docs/configuration-files/add-configuration-file.md

    related:
    featured:
---

1. On Devopness, navigate to a project then select an environment
1. Find the `Applications` card
1. Click `View` in the `Applications` card to see a list of existing `Applications`

> 4. In the list of applications find the application where you want to add a configuration file and click on`DETAILS`

Reviewer: There is a space missing after `on`. In other topics we usually favor just saying `click <thing to be clicked>`. The more straightforward the instructions are less friction we're gonna have correcting English grammar on our docs.

Author: I agree, just removed the 'on'.

> 4. In the list of applications find the application where you want to add a configuration file and click `DETAILS`
> 5. On the upper-right corner of the applications details view click `SETTINGS`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. In the list of applications find the application where you want to add a configuration file and click `DETAILS`
1. On the upper-right corner of the applications details view click `SETTINGS`
```

Cleaner option for ordered list count, avoiding to worry on item numbering

> 1. Use the drop-down menu to chose `CONFIGURATION FILE`

Reviewer: ~~chose~~
choose

Author: Fixed

1. On the right corner of the list click `ADD CONFIGURATION FILE`

> 2. Follow the instructions in the add configuration file step form then click `CONFIRM`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Follow the instructions in the add configuration file step form then click `CONFIRM`
```
